WEEK 8 ANSWERS
Thought Question: Women's Quest to Escape Poverty - Work & Economic Empowerment
Submitted on June 24, 2023
Shareable Link
PROMPT
Although
there are many legitimate fears about the negative impact of globalization on
women, it can also be argued that there are benefits for women internationally.
Please address the following:

Are you
participating in the global economy? How?

What are the
impacts of globalization in your own village, town or city?

Describe two
possible positive impacts of globalization on women

Describe two
negative impacts of globalization on women, and ideas for how these could be
mitigated 

Write at least 4-5 thoughtful paragraphs. Be sure to save a copy of your
writing on your computer so you can access it.

Indeed, women around the world face significant challenges when it comes to escaping poverty and achieving economic empowerment. These challenges can include limited access to education and training opportunities, discrimination in the workplace, unequal pay for equal work, lack of access to financial resources, and societal expectations around gender roles and responsibilities.


Despite these challenges, many women have been successful in breaking free from poverty through their hard work and determination. Some have started their own businesses, while others have pursued careers in traditionally male-dominated fields. Many have also advocated for policies and programs that support women's economic empowerment, such as equal pay laws, access to affordable childcare, and initiatives to promote entrepreneurship among women.However, there is still much work to be done to ensure that all women have the opportunity to escape poverty and achieve economic empowerment. This requires addressing the root causes of gender-based inequality and discrimination, as well as providing women with the resources and support they need to succeed in the workforce and in business.


Question 1


If we quantified the unpaid work that women do each year, how much would the world economy grow by?

1 / 1 point
Correct
2.
Question 2


What percent of the world’s work do women perform; what percent of the world’s income do they earn; and what percent of the world’s property do they own, respectively?

1 / 1 point
Correct
3.
Question 3


Women work longer hours than men in ___% of the countries worldwide. Hint: check the UNDP report on Valuing Women's Work, page 91.

0 / 1 point
Incorrect
4.
Question 4


In a study of Kenya, the results show that women are much more involved than men in which activities? Hint: check the UNDP report on Valuing Women's Work, page 92.

1 / 1 point
Correct
5.
Question 5


According to UN WOMEN, time use studies in 30 developed and developing countries show that despite women’s increasing labour force participation, they devote ________ time than men to housework and childcare. In ____ % of countries do women spend as much time as men in market work.

1 / 1 point
Correct
6.
Question 6


According to UN WOMEN, International Labour Organization evidence from 83 developed and developing countries shows that women earn between ____ % less than men.

1 / 1 point
Correct
